chore: v1.0.0-beta.110 (#880)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/changelog.md

# Redocly CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.110 (2022-09-21)

### Features

> - Added the new `build-docs` command. It builds an API definition and Redoc into a zero-dependency HTML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `build-docs` command which builds Redoc API docs into a zero-dependency HTML file.
```

- Added the ability to upload other files and folders with the `push` command.

> - Added the possibility to write custom assertions as plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for custom assertions as plugins.
```

### Fixes

> - Fixed incorrect behavior for the `no-invalid-media-type-examples` rule in combination with `allOf` keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed incorrect behavior for the `no-invalid-media-type-examples` rule in combination with the `allOf` keyword.
```
